Update skills to have a more thorough PR review for data sources (#255140)
elastic/kibana: x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/data_sources/.claude/skills/review-data-source/SKILL.md

---
name: review-data-source
description: Review data source changes (connector spec, data source definition, workflows, docs). Use when

>   reviewing a PR, doing post-creation review after generate/build-data-source, or preparing a Data Source PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  reviewing a PR involving data sources, doing post-creation review after generate/build-data-source, or preparing a Data Source PR
```

  `listTools`
- Only pass parameters that the MCP tool or connector action actually accepts (check the tool's `inputSchema` —
  some params in third-party docs may be outdated or unavailable via MCP)
- **Parameter descriptions**: Every workflow input has a clear `description`. For **query/search** parameters, state
  the **vendor-specific format** concisely (e.g. Zendesk `field:value`, JQL, Lucene) and whether it's free text, a
  DSL, or both. For optional params with defaults or fixed options, name the default and/or list allowed values.
- **Optional params**: For optional inputs with a default, name the default in the description. For enum-like or
  constrained options, list allowed values or use a **choice** type in the workflow with **options** so the AI and UI 
  get valid options.
- Short commented-out field lines inside `data.map` are fine; avoid long commented blocks. 
- Workflows that are AI tools have the right tag (e.g. `agent-builder-tool`).
- Connector reference uses the repo's template variable (e.g. `<%= stackConnectorId %>`); inputs use the correct
  syntax (e.g. `${{ inputs.query }}`).

> - Look at existing workflows for patterns in `x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/data_sources/server/sources/`

Reviewer: Let's move this to the top. Following good initial patterns _before_ we go through the checkist and risk making changes that aren't in line with convention.

Author: ok

### Data Source Definition

- Correct references to the connector spec and workflows
- **IDs**: `id` (lowercase, hyphenated), `iconType` (dot-prefixed, matches ConnectorIconsMap), `stackConnector(s).type`
  matches the connector spec ID (or `.mcp` for MCP)
- Data source is imported and registered in the plugin's sources index (e.g. `server/sources/index.ts`)
- `workflows.directory` points to the correct workflows folder; all workflows referenced exist as YAML files
- `importedTools` array uses **exact** MCP tool names (underscores, not hyphens). Validate against the MCP server's
  `listTools` / schema
- Look at existing data sources for patterns in `x-pack/platform/plugins/shared/data_sources/server/sources/`

### Documentation and icons

- Generator scaffold docs are filled in (no remaining `TODO:` placeholders)
- `docs/reference/connectors-kibana/_snippets/elastic-connectors-list.md` description filled in
- `docs/reference/toc.yml` entry exists in the correct section
- **Icon**: Data source has an icon (ConnectorIconsMap entry and, if custom, spec icon component or asset). No

>   placeholder if a brand icon exists elsewhere in the repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Icon**: Data source has an icon (ConnectorIconsMap entry and, if custom, spec icon component or asset). No
  placeholder icons or generated icons. If a brand icon does not exist elsewhere in the repo, prompt the user to provide one.
```
